# Welcome to the Skynet Workshop!

Welcome! In this repo you will find a basic react app that is ready for you to
use to get started with developing on skynet!

## Step 1: Upload a file (working)

Let us first cover the most basic functionality of Skynet, uploading data.
Follow the steps below to update this app to allow the user to upload a file
to skynet.

1.  Install `skynet-js` with `yarn add skynet-js`
2.  Initiate Skynet Client by adding the code to `src/Add.js`

```javascript
import { SkynetClient } from 'skynet-js';
const portalURL = 'https://siasky.net';
const client = new SkynetClient(portalURL);
```

It is important to note here that we are defining the `portalURL` to allow
for the testing on `localhost`, otherwise we can simply leave it blank.

3. Create the upload functionality. Add the following code that will upload
   file in `handleSubmit` in `src/App.js`

```javascript
try {
	const { skylink } = await client.uploadFile(file);

	// Set state
	const link = portalURL + '/' + skylink.replace('sia:', '');
	setFileSkylink(link);
	console.log('File Uploaded', link);
} catch (error) {
	console.log(error);
}
```

4. Test it out!

## Step 2: Upload a Web Page

TODO:

-   Update webpage to return straight HTML. JSX elements can't be uploaded

Now that we have successfully uploaded a file, let's upload a webpage.

1. Import the helper `WebPage` component in `src/App.js`.

```javascript
import { WebPage } from './webpage';
```

2. Uncomment the Name input field and name `userState` definition

3. After the user's file is uploaded, upload the webpage  
   TODO: Need to figure this part out

```javascript
TODO: code snippet
```

4. Test it out!  
   Now the user can submit their name and picture and generate their very own
   webpage on Skynet!

## Step 3: Make it Dynamic

TODO

-   Have SkyDB have profile information and link to webpage
-   When info changes, update SkyDB and skylink to webpage

Having your own webpage on Skynet is pretty cool, however since skylinks are
immutable, the user can't change their webpage without changing the skylink. Let's make this webpage editable with SkyDB.

1. Import genSeed
1. Add Seed input to Form
1. Add getJSON and setJSON methods

## Step 3B: HNS

TODO: link skynetworkshop/ to a webpage generated by this workshop.

## Step 4: Identity

Coming soon...

## Developing this Workshop

### Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.
